README.md, before:

# Challenge 5 Third-Party APIs Challenge

Title: Work Day Scheduler </br>
Student: Dylan Trecker</br>
Description: A calendar application.</br>
Site Link: </br>
Full Repository: https://github.com/d-trecker/dtreck-scheduler.git </br>
Get the repository by: $ git clone git@github.com:d-trecker/dtreck-scheduler.git </br>

User Story </br>
AS AN employee with a busy schedule
I WANT to add important events to a daily planner
SO THAT I can manage my time effectively

Acceptance Criteria </br>
GIVEN I am using a daily planner to create a schedule
WHEN I open the planner
THEN the current day is displayed at the top of the calendar

-Added current day displayed at the top of the calender.

WHEN I scroll down
THEN I am presented with time blocks for standard business hours

-

WHEN I view the time blocks for that day
THEN each time block is color-coded to indicate whether it is in the past, present, or future

-

WHEN I click into a time block
THEN I can enter an event

-

WHEN I click the save button for that time block
THEN the text for that event is saved in local storage

-

WHEN I refresh the page
THEN the saved events persist

-

</br>
</br>
</br>
</br>
Grading Requirements
This challenge is graded based on the following criteria:  </br>

Satisfies all of the above acceptance criteria plus the following:

Uses the Moment.js library to work with date and time

Application deployed at live URL

Application loads with no errors

Application GitHub URL submitted

GitHub repo contains application code

Application user experience is intuitive and easy to navigate

Application user interface style is clean and polished

Application resembles the mock-up functionality provided in the Challenge instructions

Repository has a unique name

Repository follows best practices for file structure and naming conventions

Repository follows best practices for class/id naming conventions, indentation, quality comments, etc.

Repository contains multiple descriptive commit messages

Repository contains quality README file with description, screenshot, and link to deployed application

Commit message:

Added save button to save to local storage and events will presist on page reload

README.md, after:

# Challenge 5 Third-Party APIs Challenge

Title: Work Day Scheduler </br>
Student: Dylan Trecker</br>
Description: A work day scheduler.</br>
Site Link: https://d-trecker.github.io/dtreck-scheduler/ </br>
Full Repository: https://github.com/d-trecker/dtreck-scheduler.git </br>
Get the repository by: $ git clone git@github.com:d-trecker/dtreck-scheduler.git </br>

User Story </br>
AS AN employee with a busy schedule
I WANT to add important events to a daily planner
SO THAT I can manage my time effectively

Acceptance Criteria </br>
GIVEN I am using a daily planner to create a schedule
WHEN I open the planner
THEN the current day is displayed at the top of the calendar

-Added current day displayed at the top of the calender.

WHEN I scroll down
THEN I am presented with time blocks for standard business hours

-Added time blocks for standard buisness hours.

WHEN I view the time blocks for that day
THEN each time block is color-coded to indicate whether it is in the past, present, or future

-

WHEN I click into a time block
THEN I can enter an event

-Able to enter event on time block.

WHEN I click the save button for that time block
THEN the text for that event is saved in local storage

-Event is saved to local storage once save button is clicked.

WHEN I refresh the page
THEN the saved events persist

-If page is refreshed, saved events persist.

</br>
</br>
</br>
</br>
Grading Requirements
This challenge is graded based on the following criteria:  </br>

Satisfies all of the above acceptance criteria plus the following:

Uses the Moment.js library to work with date and time

Application deployed at live URL

Application loads with no errors

Application GitHub URL submitted

GitHub repo contains application code

Application user experience is intuitive and easy to navigate

Application user interface style is clean and polished

Application resembles the mock-up functionality provided in the Challenge instructions

Repository has a unique name

Repository follows best practices for file structure and naming conventions

Repository follows best practices for class/id naming conventions, indentation, quality comments, etc.

Repository contains multiple descriptive commit messages

Repository contains quality README file with description, screenshot, and link to deployed application
